[Music]
mass killers are hunting you down but
they have no idea your girlfriend
is actually a badass expert survivalist
using her tactical training to set
brutal traps and beat down killers
she's a home invader's worst nightmare
but can she outsmart all the killers
before they outsmart her the worst
mistake she can make
is thinking these family members are
innocent i'll be breaking down the
mistakes made what you should do
and how to beat the masked killers in
your next
a couple is driving to a family reunion
at a summer home deep in the remote
farmlands of missouri
it's his parents anniversary and the
girlfriend is nervous to meet them
especially since his dad is an extremely
rich defense contractor and all the
children are eager for their inheritance
so she wants to make a good impression
after everyone has gone to bed the
mother pours herself a glass of water
she's totally unaware that someone
wearing a tiger mask is
watching her from outside but they were
asking for it
because these guys have no security
system on the property
maybe if this defense contractor took
his work home with him they wouldn't be
dead
24 hours later the following day the
older brother and his wife arrive and we
learn there's some bad blood in the
family
the older brother is kind of a douchebag
and nobody in the family seems to like
each other
we see how this plays out that night
when the whole family sits down for a
lovely peaceful dinner that takes a
sharp turn into confrontation
as they find out that these two started
dating when she was still his
student scandalous an argument breaks
out that gets so heated and ugly that
nobody notices one of them has been shot
in the head
with an arrow once they notice everyone
begins panicking running up the check on
the body they try to tell what the hell
is going on
another arrow flies through the window
and into the chair and another into the
older brother's back as they all take
cover
the girlfriend tells everyone to stay
calm and away from the windows
they try to call 9-1-1 and are surprised
to find their phones
aren't getting any signals the younger
brother thinks their phones are being
jammed and pointed out that phone
jammers can be bought for 30 bucks
online
an oddly specific piece of information
given the situation
he's also mostly right jammers are
illegal in the u.s but
are licensed for official use and
possible to buy mid-level jammers have
90 minutes of battery life
in a range of 20 meters which is less
than the life of a basketball court so
we can either wait out the battery life
or get out of range
i would try to text 9-1-1 wrap the phone
in cloth and throw it out of range of
the jammer but someone else should
probably throw it because i failed gym
class
with more bolts coming in the family
members run out of the room using chairs
to shield themselves
the only one left is aaron who grabs a
fire poker on her way out nearly getting
skewered in the process
the sister offers to make a run for the
car because she ran track in high school
so she's got tons of experience dodging
killers or crossbows
the sister breaks to a dead sprint and
when she passes the threshold
she suddenly falls to the ground and
clutches her slit throat
if they had looked out the window for
signs of the shooters they would have
seen the razor wire gleaming in the
moonlight
but even if she did make it outside
crossbows fire at 100 meters per second
and usain bolt the fastest man alive
runs one tenth that speed
so it's a terrible idea and you don't
stand a chance
it sounds cruel but i would seriously
consider encouraging all the family
members to run outside with their phones
to call 9-1-1
because the killers can't catch them all
they're not my family i just met them so
if someone has to die to get help i'll
take that trade off
so long as it's not me she's dragged
back into the house and they desperately
try to save her as the girlfriend takes
the time to shut the door
and lock it now there's a lot going on
to be able to notice
but someone in this room knows more than
they're letting on while everyone here
is screaming in panic
this girl's got nerves of steel she
helps the mother
tells them to use the chairs for cover
and expertly puts pressure on the wound
for some reason she knows way too much
about being shot at while the boyfriend
is wondering what's gotten to his
girlfriend he finds her upstairs trying
to text the police as some districts
have texted 9-1-1 service
honestly it's all pretty impressive but
the boyfriend seems a little freaked out
by all the heroics
alone the mother is resting upstairs
grieving her daughter's death
and completely unaware that someone is
under her bed
she turns around to see a man in a fox
mask raise his machete and lets out a
blood curdling scream that
everyone hears the family immediately
stops what they're doing and runs up to
check on her
with everyone learned away someone
breaks through the kitchen window and
grabs the girlfriend but she's able to
stab the knife into her attacker's wrist
that'll hurt in the morning she goes to
grab another knife to finish the job but
when she looks back the man is gone
the family arrives and are horrified to
see their mother's dead body with the
phrase you're next
written in blood it's really disturbing
and the brothers have to pull their
father away as he starts breaking down
so at this point they know someone's got
in and he's obviously a real picasso but
they casually go downstairs like it's
all over
they should look around to find the guy
because he can't be far away and there's
likely a trail of blood given he's
painted a mural with it
i'm a huge scaredy cat so i would
immediately arm myself and everyone else
and check the rest of the house in a
large group
because someone is inside and they'll
kill again if we split up
another woman enters the room and hears
a strange noise coming from
under the bed so she bends down to look
suddenly
fox mask comes out and she's so
terrified that she sprints down the
stairs and out the door
the husband runs after her but snags the
razor wire on his way out
he rips the arrow out and faces the spot
but he wasn't very helpful so maybe it's
for the best
the group drags him back inside the
house and the boyfriend comes up with a
simple plan
he'll run to the car drive it up the
doors and they can all escape
the girlfriend doesn't agree but decides
to give him a knife for protection
unfortunately there's a big problem when
he reaches the car he finds it's been
sabotaged and he doesn't look like he
knows a damn thing about automobile
repair
the woman who escaped arrives at the
neighbor's house and frantically knocks
on the door
but the man doesn't respond
unfortunately for her
a killer in a land mask comes up from
behind and punches her
straight through the glass she crawls to
get away and is horrified to see that
their neighbor has been dead the whole
time
land mask walks up slowly and kills her
by swinging an axe
into her head okay if it were me i'm not
waiting around to get killed
this is a huge house with tons of
windows so i'd find another point of
entry to break into
find something to defend myself with and
escape from another exit
if i can trick the killer that i'm
hiding in one of the rooms by slamming a
door or making some noise
i have more time to run away and get
help the boyfriend comes back to the
house and tells them the car won't work
but didn't see any killers and wants to
go back out and get help
his girlfriend thinks this is way too
risky but fails to persuade him from
this plan
now we know that fox mask is still
upstairs so we need a way to smoke him
out
without combat experience our best
option is to set a trap
and luckily we still have some razor
wire we can wrap it around nails and
stretch it across the stairs and instead
of hiding the older brother we should
use them as bait to lure the killer
down to finish the job the girlfriend
can hide in the closet upstairs and
attack him from behind
as soon as he's been trapped the younger
brother suggests hiding in the basement
since there are no windows but she
points out those killers could pour gas
on the stairs
and light a match so staying here and
boarding up the windows is a better
strategy
she then grabs a handful of weapons that
take back to the survivors but a window
shatters and she falls to the floor
as tiger mask comes walking in with his
axe now if it's me
i'm not beyond killing someone if it's
me or them but look at how much work it
is
i don't exercise enough for this and
i've never been in a fight so i wouldn't
really know what to do except dodge run
repeat
but if you actually win this fight
there's one takeaway here we have a
masterclass in survival
always make sure they're dead i get it
murder is really intense
and i'm probably too soft to beat a man
who's already lying face down in his own
blood
but if you want to make it through the
night it's an absolute must
thinking there might be a connection she
yanks his mask off and asks if they know
the guy but they claim they don't and
are probably more scared of her now than
they are of the killers
the girlfriend looks at the dead body
lying on the windowsill and begins to
worry about her boyfriend
because he's been gone long enough to
call the police and they haven't arrived
it's not a good sign but the younger
brother seems strange relaxed about the
whole situation
okay we have a golden opportunity here
that she doesn't take advantage of
at this point i would be taking all
tiger masks things hide his body and
disguise myself as him
then i can walk outside of a phone and
get help before systematically ambushing
each killer until they're all dead and
it's game over
upstairs the father looks around for
that second killer and finds a closet
full of food wrappers
a sleeping bag and bottles of urine the
father realizes that whoever these
killers are they've been waiting the
house for a while now
as he tells them their family has been
targeted and this isn't a random attack
he's about to say more when fox mask
sneaks out of the bedroom grabs him from
behind
and slits his throat instead of freaking
out the younger brother chews out fox
mask for killing his dad
right in front of them he's working with
the killers
okay there hasn't been much time to
reflect on family dynamics but all the
signs of a trail were there
the younger brother knew the price of
phone jammers they were the first to
leave the room when the attack started
and he proposed they run out of the
house twice leaving one dead
and one missing when it's life or death
you need to know who you can trust
and she didn't stop to consider any of
it landmass comes downstairs but when he
sees the body at tiger mask
he loses it flipping the dinner table
over and making a loud noise
the girlfriend hears it from behind the
basement door she tucks a screwdriver
into her pocket
but knocks over a broom alerting land
mask and when she peeks out of the
keyhole she stares straight into the
killer's eye
finding the doors locked he begins to
break it down and is interrupted as the
older brother wakes up
and walks in he decides to go for the
easier kill instead
and take it her only chance she runs
from behind and stabs him in the back
dropping his axe he runs straight out of
the house a smart choice
that's when the traitorous younger
brother comes downstairs claiming he
didn't find any killers and his dad is
resting
the girlfriend believes there are at
least two more killers out there and has
to go into the basement to grab some
tools
taking anything that could be used as a
weapon the women head upstairs to the
dining room where they start making nail
boards and the gop chick asks the
girlfriend
how she's such a badass she explains
that she grew up on a survivalist
compound in the australian outback
and was raised to survive in apocalypse
so it's little wonder these killers are
outmatched
okay now her crappy childhood is going
to save our lives but there's something
else she could have done here
i'd scatter broken glass near every
entrance and doorway so i can hear
wherever they are in the house
letting me know when the killer passes
by combining this with a distraction
like a timed phone alarm you can lure
the killer through the trap
but none of this helps if there are
traitors working against you and
speaking of traitors
downstairs the younger brother tells the
older sibling his wife is dead
and suddenly stabs him sticking several
screwdrivers into his body
it's cold-blooded and this leaves only
the girlfriend left to kill and he's
gonna need all the help he can get
upstairs the golf chick picks up a nail
board winding up for a killing blow but
the girlfriend turns around at the last
second
she wants to go check on the father so
the golf chick lets you go up alone
and unlocks the front door to let the
other killer in
the girlfriend is shocked to find the
dad dead on the floor and sensing
movement in the corner of her eye
she instinctively tosses her weapon at
the approaching killer and with nowhere
else to run
she throws herself out the window okay
jumping out of the window was pretty
much her only option and it's risky
but a lot more survivable than you might
think you'll likely break a bone but
landing on dirt absorbs a lot of impact
preventing a more serious injury but if
you ask me to jump out a window
it would probably go something more like
this even though she's injured she
quickly gets to her feet and runs into
the woods where she takes a moment to
catch her breath
and pulls a long shirt of glass from her
leg that's when she sees the same
screwdriver she used to stab
land mask looking around she spots him
aiming his crossbow at her and narrowly
dodged the arrow limping back to the
house she finds a safe place to hide and
wraps her leg with a rag
meanwhile landmass is coming through the
window when he spots a nail board on the
ground
he carefully climbs through but steps on
another board closer to the wall
he screams a pain alert the young
brother as he and fox mask go to check
it out
downstairs they find land mask freeing
his foot from the nail
fed up with how badly the knight has
gone he threatens to kill the brother
who agrees to double their pay
after he gets the inheritance this was
the younger brother's plan all along
to gain all the inheritance by killing
everyone but unbeknownst to them the
girlfriend has heard all of this
from her hiding place her phone alerts
her that the emergency text has finally
gone through
unfortunately fox mask has heard it as
well just as he's about to throw up in
the curtains
she punches him in the throat and runs
off the group spreads after her with
land mask libby behind them
she jumps the railing but instead of
running away she jumps back into the
house
tricking everyone behind her as landmass
comes out he hears a noise
coming from a nearby window he peeks his
head and gets stabbed in the face
dropping his axe he collapses to the
ground dead and she hobbles away with
her new weapon
she goes into the basement grabbing a
roll of string in a brick before heading
back upstairs to set a trap
rigging it above the door anyone who
tries to enter will be greeted with an
axe to the face
okay this was a great trap but rigging
an axe is way too smart for me
and would honestly take me hours to
figure out but there was a lot of stuff
down there that we could use
this tractor tells me there's likely
some gasoline nearby and with the wine
bottle they bought
i could make a mullet of cocktail to set
the house on fire
you'll lose the ability to hide but it
cuts off exits for the killers and gives
you time to run for help
the killers regroup outside and the
brother is panicking because they
haven't found the girlfriend but fox
mask kindly points out that she's
injured so she can't run and she's most
likely still in the house
they still have the upper hand with her
trap set up she waits for the killer
except he's outsmarted her and gone
through the window quickly thinking of a
new plan she retreats it to the basement
where she grabs a log and starts
breaking the lights that set up another
clever trap when fox mask enters he sees
a flashing camera and carefully makes
his way to it but the flash begins to
blind him
using this as a distraction the
girlfriend ambushes him and brutally
smashes his head in
with the lock she limps back to the
dining room to pick up a knife
and almost gets shot by an arrow fired
by the brother the golf chick goes
inside to hunter down as the brother
goes to turn off the cell phone jammer
and
arms himself with a switchblade the
gotcha gets ambushed by the girlfriend
who begins strangling her
when the brother enters he slips on the
floor but manages the stabber in the
back
she pushes him away to grab a blender
and slams it into his skull
plugging the power cord into an outlet
and turns his brains into a smoothie
until he finally dies with the goth
check the only one left the girlfriend
pulls a knife out of her back
and stabs it straight to the top of her
head she collapses from exhaustion as
the adrenaline starts to fade
when the brother's phone begins to ring
answering it the person on the other end
is her boyfriend
who is not only still alive but seems to
have been working with the brother
coming through the window he's surprised
to see the carnage left behind but is
relieved to see that his girlfriend is
still alive
holding a knife and covered in blood she
can't believe he would do this but he
explains that he did this for the money
the plan was that the girlfriend was
supposed to be the sole survivor and
witness to the massacre
she was never supposed to be hurt he
then tries to apologize about all this
and makes a deal if she agrees to a lie
about what happened tonight she can have
a whole bunch of money
or he can go to jail and she won't get
any of it she takes a third option and
kills him
but just as she stabs her in the face
she gets shot a police officer
has finally arrived knowing that he's
about to go through the front door
she slowly crawls her way to warn him
but doesn't make it in time
the trap is sprung the string is loose
and the axe
comes flying for his head but what do
you think how would you beat the mass
killers in your next
let me know leave a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe
and check out the how to be playlist for
more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day